(review date: 03/05/2023)
This post assumes that you have an existing data source that you want to expose as a FHIR resource. There are a couple of ways to do this according to the [HAPI Fhir documentation](https://hapifhir.io) are starting with a plain server, or starting with a JPA server.

The documentation here is pretty good for starters. It's pretty easy to get the initial examples running. What isn't really obvious is what the differences are between the servers, and how you're supposed to use them.

For a concrete use-case: I have a job that translates a data model for the belgium medication standard: Sam v2 v5 (don't ask) to a SQLite database. I would love to make this medication available as a FHIR resource. The code for the XML-to-SQLite conversion can be found [here](https://github.com/JensPenny/SamToSqlite)

## The plain server
The plain server is a basic server where you have your own data, that you have to map on FHIR profiles. This requires you to create your own FHIR mappings to a database you control. The full logic to map your data to a fhir model needs to be implemented by a developer.

## The JPA Server
A JPA server contains a full, conform server based on hibernate. The database model is provided by the JPA server. If you have your own data that you want to expose through a JPA server, the idea is to translate or import the external data in the base JPA server

## Conclusion
While the JPA server gives an opportunity to immediatly start with a basic model, the plain server allows you to create your own mappings.  
After testing both I see two paths that I'm willing to try:
- I can create a plain server, and map the SAMv2 model to FHIR --> I'm planning to see if this works at first, since I just want a terminology server for medication.
- I can create a JPA server, and create a translation script from sqlite to JPA, or directly fork the xml-to-sqlite code and create FHIR-objects that get persisted to the JPA server itself.

I have set up a basic JPA server, but I'd like to try the plain server next. 