1. Download the CLI tool
2. JPA servers are batteries included (I think)
3. Custom servers need to implement their own providers
4. Use the tool to upload a reference
5. Testcase -> loinc

# Uploading existing codesytems in your artisenal built FHIR server
So you started with a plain server, but you're jealous of the JPA-enabled stuff for for ex. codesystems. 
While you could just start a 2nd server and use the JPA-codesystems in your plain server, I decided to try to go the extra 
mile and attempt to copy the functionality that enables imports.  

## Step 1: preparation
We'll need two things for our test: 
* the hapi-cli tool that enables the importing of codesystems and valuesets.  
* A dataset that we can upload.

I downloaded the loinc-dataset. The plan is to test with this command: `./hapi-fhir-cli upload-terminology -d ./Loinc_2.74.zip -v r5 -t http://localhost:8080/fhir -u http://loinc.org`

## Step 2: creating the systems
We'll start from the rest endpoint. We'll need a 'CodeSystemProvider' that will act as a container for our rest endpoints. 
To enable the upload of terminology, we define a custom operation like this: 
```    @Operation(name="$upload-external-code-system")
    public IBaseParameters uploadExternalCodeSystem(
            HttpServletRequest request,
            @OperationParam(name= "system", min = 1, typeName = "uri") IPrimitiveType<String> boxedCodeSystem,
            @OperationParam(name="file", min = 1, max = OperationParam.MAX_UNLIMITED, typeName = "attachment") List<ICompositeType> files
    ) {
    // ... implementation - see code itself
    }
```

## todo - other magic steps

## Step ??: Creating the repository
We create a class named 'CodeSystemRepository' to persist the codesystem to a database of our choosing. 
In my case I set up a new SQLite database for the codesystems and other shared data, since I want to try and keep the base-
file clean for the medication export.  

//Todo - fix DB scheme for the codesystem table 

## Step ??: Testing
// Todo